I'll give it to you again.
Space, you are kidding,
If I drink enough, I can get you.
If you can't choose this bit of rice, just say so.
Space, I have already prepared 40% of the rice for you in the new company. Give me.
Well, space, along the way,
I can't sleep like that without using you.
This 40% rice is yours.
Continuous points, you just believe me.
In the previous life, when Taiwan was here and you gave the two people of the country Zhenzong no words,
A ruthless incident in the main road era.
Such people certainly deserve nothing less than nothing.
Lienfen, you are a good person,
So I help you, what should I do again.
It's something I mean to answer
What are you guys doing who continue to talk? Hurry up and catch up.